So once we've set up the basics of the website structure and we did that with Bootstrap.
Now we can apply some various classes,
and this one is gonna this one.
We've already done where we've got the website name,
and then this one has ah heading section there.
So it's not just the paragraph that it's got and apply a class so I can apply an H for
class to it,
and it's just got the section one and then content underneath that I'll make some space
there.
I will also do the Section two and apply some spacing underneath and take a quick peek back
at the diagram.
So it's Section one,
Section two and then with section,
and we've got a search with an input field so we can copy the section one content into the
next section area.
And so we've got that as section one and then below that.
So let's use the same format and apply search to it.
And then,
just below that,
we need an input field,
and it's not gonna be exactly what we're doing to have got our search,
and you can go to the bootstrapped site and always look at the different components so that
input field is within the form and see within the form.
We've got the different form groups.
I only have the one field,
so we don't necessarily need to have a form group.
But we can add that in.
Of course I was needed eso Let's do a quick one here and bring it back down.
And I'm just gonna do a quick update of this one so that we wrapping it within the form
input field and that we have the search all the way across.
And we don't need a label for it because in our example,
there's no label.
And then also there's no help test text either,
so you can get rid of that.
So there's our search input field and again,
looking at our example,
so looks very similar.
And,
of course,
they're using the placeholder name and these air just HTML.
So it's got nothing really to do with boots,
drop animal type in a search and refresh.
So there's our search,
so ready to move on to the next part.
And this was just a simple paragraph and it had a title,
so we used the same structure that we were using earlier with the titles and will give them
the H four.
So you might also want to change that up again,
depending again on what?
Your designers Title one.
And then we had a bunch of content contained within that next section.
So all of this was the contents and there was quite a bit of content contained there.
So that gives us very similar output and that this one does look like it had a little bit
more spacing.
So we can add in spacing and these air the minor adjustments that you can do with boots
drop when you go into utilities and adding in the various spacing so you can add margins
padding with the classes.
So you selective.
It's a margins or padding that you want to use.
Top bottom left,
right X.
Why that I typically just use the top bottom left,
right.
If you don't include these and I will just do the full way around,
and then the size of the padding that you want to do so this one to me looks probably like
a margin bottom,
So that would be M B and dash.
Whatever the size.
We want to put slits to MB,
Dash 4-3 and going into the title.
It's a margin margin.
Bottom Dash four.
See that moved the content down a little bit and then also within the example.
So going back to the example,
we have a couple of buttons,
and then we have some text underneath.
So it's go down to where we created those and we did them as on ordered lists that you
could also do this as a grid as well.
So those air couple options that you have and the structure would be the same where you'd
have kind of one on top of the other,
with the A,
Norden lists and the list items.
There's a number of options here that you can do where you've got the list group,
so I'm gonna turn this into a list group.
So that one was just more just as a placeholder and get rid of a couple of the list items
because to me it looks like there's only about three,
and I'm gonna select the text from there,
and then these ones would just be buttons.
So give them even a diff or they could actually be buttons.
How about we stick with just button and inside it will save button one and then we'll copy
what we do within button one,
and we'll just duplicate it to the other list item.
So let's add in a class and buttons air really easy.
It's the Bt end class in Bootstrap.
They're going back into the bootstrap website,
so under buttons,
you can also select colors of buttons,
which is really cool.
So the first thing is indicating that it's a button and the next just selecting out the
different colors that you want.
So I'm gonna keep it agree,
So use button secondary as the colored class for the button and refresh.
So we've got our button one and oops,
I did put in the wrong spot.
So let's copy this,
and we are going to need the list item for that part down there as well go up.
And this was the list that I was trying to trying to update.
You could also do this as a Siris of Rose.
Is there no always a number of ways to accomplish this?
So it's you create the button,
you can duplicate it and bring it into the next button.
So we've got the two buttons and then we've got some text underneath.
We also might want to center the content,
and that's another option that we have with boots drop,
we can do text center.
We can also do all of the different alignments of the text.
Eso that's one class we could add in and that relatively looks something similar to what we
have.
So we just leave it at that and we'll move on to the next section.
This is the last part where we've got an image.
We've got some content again and a title and other title.
And what looks to me like another list s we're gonna take care of that in the upcoming
lesson.
So go ahead and add in the styling into your bootstrap website with what you're designers,
and I know we're going rather quickly,
so most the time you would take a little bit more time with the various classes and make
sure exactly what you've drawn out.
But in this case,
this was just a quick wire frame,
and this is an introduction to how to use the bootstrap classes